README.md, before:

# CANNs
When using, please cite "A new family of Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks towards automated model discovery", CMAME, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2022.115731 as well as the relevant other papers provided by this repository. 

All input data and code is provided in the corresponding folders. 

## Abaqus
Universal material model subroutine and simulation files,  
"On automated model discovery and a universal material subroutine"  
https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.07.19.549749 

## ArtMeat
Valanis-Landel type, principal-stretch-based, and invariant-based models, "Discovering the mechanics of artificial and real meat" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2023.116236

Revision summary: we have corrected two coding mistakes that had small effects on Table 4, Figures 8, 9, 10, 11, and the text starting on page 18 bottom; the revised code, updated table, figures, and text are all in this GitHub folder; the main findings of this study are not affected by these updates.

## Brain
Isotropic models
1. Invariant-based model, "Automated model discovery for human brain using Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actbio.2023.01.055
2. Principal-stretch-based model and invariant model, " Principal-stretch-based constitutive neural networks autonomously discover a subclass of Ogden models for human brain tissue" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.brain.2023.100066

## Graz
Workshop for the Summer Biomechanics School 2023. Contains Google Colab code to run the same models and data as contained in the BRAIN folder.

## Muscle
Viscoelastic constitutive recurrent neural network model, "Automated model discovery for muscle using constitutive recurrent neural networks" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jmbbm.2023.106021

## Rubber
Isotropic invariant-based model, "A new family of Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks towards automated model discovery" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2022.115731

## Skin
Anistropic constitutive artificial neural network model, "Automated model discovery for skin: Discovering the best model, data, and experiment" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2023.116007

Commit message:

add got meat paper data

README.md, after:

# CANNs
When using, please cite "A new family of Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks towards automated model discovery", CMAME, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2022.115731 as well as the relevant other papers provided by this repository. 

All input data and code is provided in the corresponding folders. 

## Abaqus
Universal material model subroutine and simulation files,  
"On automated model discovery and a universal material subroutine"  
https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.07.19.549749 

## ArtMeat
Models and data for animal and plant-based meat papers. 
1. Valanis-Landel type, principal-stretch-based, and invariant-based models, "Discovering the mechanics of artificial and real meat" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2023.116236

	Revision summary: we have corrected two coding mistakes that had small effects on Table 4, Figures 8, 9, 10, 11, and the text starting on page 18 bottom; the revised code, updated table, figures, and text are all in this GitHub folder; the main findings of this study are not affected by these updates.

2. Invariant-based model, "Got meat? The mechanical signature of animal and plant-based meat" https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.04.25.591207

## Brain
Isotropic models and data for brain papers.
1. Invariant-based model, "Automated model discovery for human brain using Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actbio.2023.01.055
2. Principal-stretch-based model and invariant model, " Principal-stretch-based constitutive neural networks autonomously discover a subclass of Ogden models for human brain tissue" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.brain.2023.100066

## Graz
Workshop for the Summer Biomechanics School 2023. Contains Google Colab code to run the same models and data as contained in the BRAIN folder.

## Muscle
Viscoelastic constitutive recurrent neural network model, "Automated model discovery for muscle using constitutive recurrent neural networks" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jmbbm.2023.106021

## Rubber
Isotropic invariant-based model, "A new family of Constitutive Artificial Neural Networks towards automated model discovery" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2022.115731

## Skin
Anistropic constitutive artificial neural network model, "Automated model discovery for skin: Discovering the best model, data, and experiment" https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cma.2023.116007
